Idea: take functional relationships and refine the benchmarking of the method.
STRING: take a channel that doesn't necessarily indicate 

SVD-phy: improved prediction of protein functional associations through singular value decomposition of phylogenetic profiles
Franceschini et al., Bioinformatics 2016.
https://academic.oup.com/bioinformatics/article/32/7/1085/1743968

Phylogenetic profiling methods are able to predict functional interactions between genes that encode proteins from the same complex or pathway, by comparing their phylogenetic distributions (Cheng and Perocchi, 2015; Date and Marcotte, 2003; Enault et al., 2003; Li et al., 2014; Pellegrini et al., 1999; Tabach et al., 2013a). The underlying idea is that when two genes are functionally related, they should tend to be co-inherited; since the loss of either one of these genes would be detrimental to that particular function. Here we present a new phylogenetic profiling method, SVD-Phy, which performs considerably better than existing methods for both bacteria and eukaryotes.

(Note: found from most recent STRING paper: the last "co-occurrence" channel): 
The STRING database in 2017: quality-controlled protein–protein association networks, made broadly accessible
Nucleic Acids Res. 2017 Jan 4; 45(Database issue): D362–D368.
Briefly, the seven evidence channels in STRING are (i) The experiments channel: Here, evidence comes from actual experiments in the lab (including biochemical, biophysical, as well as genetic experiments). This channel is populated mainly from the primary interaction databases organized in the IMEx consortium, plus BioGRID. (ii) The database channel: In this channel, STRING collects evidence that has been asserted by a human expert curator; this information is imported from pathway databases. (iii) The textmining channel: Here, STRING searches for mentions of protein names in all PubMed abstracts, in an in-house collection of more than three million fulltext articles, and in other text collections (35,36). Pairs of proteins are given an association score when they are frequently mentioned together in the same paper, abstract or even sentence (relative to how often they are mentioned separately). This score is raised further when it has been possible to parse one or more sentences through Natural Language Processing, and a concept connecting the two proteins was encountered (such as ‘binding’ or ‘phosphorylation by’). (iv) The coexpression channel: For this channel, gene expression data originating from a variety of expression experiments are normalized, pruned and then correlated (34). Pairs of proteins that are consistently similar in their expression patterns, under a variety of conditions, will receive a high association score. In addition to large-scale microarray data, in version 10.5 of STRING, RNAseq expression data are now also processed; this results in the inclusion of 16 previously non-covered organisms into this channel. (v) The neighborhood channel: This channel, and the next two, are genome-based prediction channels, whose functionality is generally most relevant for Bacteria and Archaea. In the neighborhood channel, genes are given an association score where they are consistently observed in each other's genome neighborhood (such as in the case of conserved, co-transcribed ‘operons’). (vi) The fusion channel: Pairs of proteins are given an association score when there is at least one organism where their respective orthologs have fused into a single, protein-coding gene. Finally, (vii) The co-occurrence channel: In this channel, STRING evaluates the phylogenetic distribution of orthologs of all proteins in a given organism. If two proteins show a high similarity in this distribution, i.e. if their orthologs tend to be observed as ‘present’ or ‘absent’ in the same subsets of organisms, then an association score is assigned. For this channel, the details of the STRING implementation have recently been described, separately (37).

--------
python3 run-benchmark.py ../../hypergraph/reactome_hypergraph_full/small_molecule_filter ../hypergraph_code/output/small_molecule_filter-reactome_hedges.txt ../hypergraph_code/output/pathways/small_molecule_filter_
python3 run-benchmark.py ../../hypergraph/reactome_hypergraph_full/reactome ../hypergraph_code/output/reactome_hedges.txt